Now, that we've explored methods to use AWS,
IAM roles to help secure access to AWS services.
Let's go over a few additional best practices to secure access to your AWS account.
The root user of the AWS account is
the e-mail address that was used to create the account.
This user has full control of the account and
its credentials should be treated with the highest sensitivity.
Multi-factor authentication or MFA should be set
up and in the hands of a trusted member of your organization.
The password should be stored in
your organizations secrets management store with the highest sensitivity.
Never create API credentials for the root user and avoid
using the root user for anything once the account is
created and the initial setup has been performed.
When dealing with IAM users and roles enforce
strong password policies and MFA for all users.
As discussed earlier, API keys should be avoided as much as possible.
Ensure that keys are rotated regularly if they have to be used.
Ensure that IAM users and roles are reviewed and audited on a regular basis.
Audit permissions granted versus actions executed based on
CloudTrail audit logs and other tools which assess access needs for a user.
Remove users and roles which have not been used recently and no longer needed.
If IAM users are being used,
do not assign IAM policies to users,
instead, use IAM groups to designate permissions based on a group that a user is part of.
Next, we will take a look at using identity federation in the Cloud.